Even His Royal Highness the Prince is no match for him
Could it be that only the True North King can fight it?
That's right, the True North King was the first powerhouse at that time
No matter how strong it is, can it be stronger than the prince?
I have been supreme
How could it not be your opponent?
A beautiful woman's wild dog
It is also worthy to fight against the beasts of the mountain forest
I don't believe it.
You trash
Can never be my opponent
Bullshit first day talking about Langdeson
You win, I'm just asking
My father will hold a grand ceremony in seven days
Admired by all nations
I only take the whole of Jiangnan to apologize for me
Why don't you release the lion soon?
Are you going to let the whole Jiangnan
Because you're bleeding?
If anything happens
I will slaughter all those who know you for the princess
Don't talk so much
Release the lion, Your Highness
Let me kill
You can't touch me
I, Lin Haoran, want to kill you.
Can't stop you for a day